Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister
on the beach, and having nothing to do: once or twice she was
I not looked into the book her sister was reading, but it had no
pictures or conversations in it, `and what is the use of the book '
I thought Alice `without pictures or conversation?

  So (as well as she could that she was considering in her own mind,
for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether
pleasure to do would be worth the trouble looping
get up and pick daisies, when suddenly a White
Rabbit with pink eyes ran close to her.

  There was nothing so very remarkable in that; nor did Alice
I think that it is so very out of the way to hear the Rabbit say
Itself, `Oh, my God! Oh my God! I will be late! "(When she thought
it again afterwards, it occurred to her that she should have
Interestingly, in this, but at the time it all seemed quite natural);
but when the Rabbit actually took a guard of his WAISTCOAT-
POCKET, and I looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice start
her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never
before seen a rabbit or jacket pocket, or a watch on
take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the
the field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop
down a large rabbit hole under the hedge.

  In another moment down went Alice after it, never once
Considering how in the world she was to get out again.

  Rabbit Hole was just like a tunnel for some way,
and then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not
a moment to think about stopping herself before she found herself
It falls very deep well.

  Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, because it
It had plenty of time as she went down to look about her and
I wonder what will happen next. First, she tried to look
down and realize that she was coming, but it was too dark to
I see nothing; Then she looked at the sides of the well, and
I noticed that they were filled with cupboards and bookshelves;
here and there she saw maps and pictures hung on pegs. she is
He carried a jar from one of the shelves as she passed; It was
marked 'orange marmalade', but to her great disappointment it
way of the empty: she did not want to throw the jar for fear of assassination
somebody, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as she
It fell past him.